Gradle always has upper version alignment (#1227)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-opensource-java: docs/JLBP-16.md

# [JLBP-16] Ensure upper version alignment of dependencies

For multi-module projects, this best practice assumes you have already applied
[JLBP-15](JLBP-15.md), so that your project has a BOM.

Upper version alignment means that when more than one version of a dependency
is present in a module's dependency tree, the build system selects
the highest version. Upper version alignment ensures that when packages are
upgraded to higher versions which don’t make any breaking changes,

> there are no new linkage conflicts.

Reviewer: In my view, upper version alignment does not ensure no new linkage conflicts. I would replace "Upper version alignment ensures ..." with the below:

> In general, selecting the highest version of a library is a good choice. The version has more security fixes and is more compatible with other libraries than the lower versions of it.

## Achieving upper version alignment

Upper version alignment increases the likelihood that consumers' build systems
select the right versions of direct and transitive dependencies, reducing the
number of conflicts.

> Gradle selects the highest version automatically. Maven, however, selects

Reviewer 2: There is something not captured in the new version, which is that your own project might be using Gradle, but a Maven consumer of yours could be bit by a characteristic of your dependency tree. Thus, you need to fix it to benefit your Maven consumers.

Reviewer 2: Not explicitly, but it did implicitly, by recommending the course of action for everyone.

> Gradle selects the highest version automatically. Maven, however, selects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradle selects the highest version by default. Maven, however, selects
```

> the version it encounters first when traversing the dependency tree, 

Reviewer: traversing in level order or breadth-first search order.

or 

the version that has a shorter path to the root node in the tree.

(The next sentence uses the word "shorter path")

regardless of version. 

To fix a version misalignment caused by a shorter
path to a lower version of a dependency, you can either:

1. Update the dependency on the lower version to the upper bound.
   This usually requires submitting a patch to another project 
   and waiting for it to release. 
   
2. Add a direct dependency on the misaligned dependency to your 
   own project, even though your project does not directly 

>    import any of that dependency's classes. 

Reviewer: `dependencyManagement` section capability is suitable for this purpose. I feel that's better than declaring an unused dependency.
